---
title: Section 1 (epigraph and image)
permalink: /para/1.html
layout: para
---

## Travelers on the Road

{% include feature/quote.md text="What do you dudes think about hiking out tonight?" source="Michael Decker" %}

<!--Code for epigraph: 

```{% raw %}{% include feature/quote.md text="Our last day in camp. The order to get ready for an early start tomorrow has gone forth, and we must leave our delightful wild life and return to the land of boiled shirts and stovepipe hats." objectid="beinecke-pdf" source="Page 28"%}{% endraw %} ```-->

“You’re beautiful,” I say, to the group of three—a muscular and tall man in short shorts with a thick brown mustache, wearing sneakers, led by a former marine with a side-arm and a cammo rain jacket draped over a large frame backpack. He’s in a t-shirt. The rain is falling steadily. The two men are followed closely by a young woman. She’s quiet, carrying hiking poles, a small daypack, also wearing sneakers. They are wet and, clearly, also underprepared. 

They tell us they’re hiking the loop from the Salmo-Priest trailhead, that they started early in the morning, and that they’re making their way back to the car tonight. I can’t imagine anyone trying to hike out of here at this hour and in these conditions, especially with the inconsistent trail.

{% include feature/figure.html objectid="SalmoPriest-CriticalHabitat-SalmoDivide535rim-IMAG0114" style="border-radius:20% 40% 17% 5% !important;"  %}

“It’s about four miles,” says the marine, who’s also carrying an iphone—his only means of navigation. 
The trail they’re taking is not the one we took in. It bypasses Shedroof Mountain and ends at a different trailhead, a few miles up the road from where we’ve parked. Still, the thought of a party hiking out of here just before dark in such conditions and with so little gear makes me wonder if we might try to do the same. We’ve got ten miles, as opposed to their four (which is probably more like six or seven), but we’ve got GPS, more gear, and would be prepared to stop and spend the night if need be. 
Knowing that we’ll be fine if we just stay in our tents until morning, but still feeling slightly on edge, I ponder this option restlessly when the party passes on. But I don’t mention anything until Michael eventually speaks up.

“What do you dudes think about hiking out tonight?”

I tell him what I’ve been thinking and that I’d be down. Jack says he’s concerned about how much we’ve already hiked today—altogether about eleven miles—and he’s worried about his knee holding up. But he also says he’d be up for it.

“If we can make it to Shedroof by sundown, then it won’t be too bad to hike down the mountain in the dark,” I say. “It’s 7:00 now. I think we could get there in two hours.” 
We decide that if we catch up to our friends we could hike out with them and get a ride to our car, which would allow us to avoid the climb up and over Shedroof. But when we do eventually meet them on the trail, they turn us down. They tell us they don’t have room in their Nissan Xterra, but it’s clear to me that we make them feel uncomfortable. And I wonder if it’s because I told them they were beautiful.
 

{% include feature/figure-full-page.html objectid="SalmoPriest-CriticalHabitat-LittleSnowyridgefunnel-IMAG0265"%}



