---
title: Intro for Chris
permalink: /para/chris/1.html
layout: para
map-on: true
---

### Travelers on the road


{% include feature/quote.md text="What do you dudes think about hiking out tonight?" source="Michael Decker" %}


“You’re beautiful,” I say, to the group of three—a muscular and tall man in short shorts with a thick brown mustache, wearing sneakers, led by a former marine with a side-arm and a cammo rain jacket draped over a large frame backpack. He’s in a t-shirt. The rain is falling steadily. The two men are followed closely by a young woman. She’s quiet, carrying hiking poles, a small daypack, also wearing sneakers. They are wet and, clearly, also underprepared. 

They tell us they’re hiking the loop from the Salmo-Priest trailhead, that they started early in the morning, and that they’re making their way back to the car tonight. I can’t imagine anyone trying to hike out of here at this hour and in these conditions, especially with the inconsistent trail.

{% include feature/figure.html objectid="SalmoPriest-CriticalHabitat-SalmoDivide535rim-IMAG0114" style="border-radius:20% 40% 17% 5% !important;"  %}

“It’s about four miles,” says the marine, who’s also carrying an iphone—his only means of navigation. 



{% include feature/map.html filter="item.location contains '535 Outcropping'" zoom="16" latitude="48.950421" longitude="-117.016485" basemap="Esri_WorldImagery" style="border-radius: 10% 20% 0% 50%;margin:0 -25% 0 -50%;"%}



 Peppered here and there with the emerging green of an early seral habitat. The standing dead trees, stripped of foliage and limbs, are the reason I have such a clear view of the space laid out before me. If not for their nudity, I would be enclosed, screened, and protected from the wind by ancient, heavily clad trees with thick beards of lichen. 

{% include feature/quote-medium.md text="The standing dead trees, stripped of foliage and limbs, are the reason I have such a clear view of the space laid out before me." align="center" %}

{% include feature/figure.html objectid="SalmoPriest-CriticalHabitat-SalmoDivide535rim-IMAG0029" style="border-radius:20% 40% 17% 5% !important;"  %}
