---
title: Intro for Chris
permalink: /para/chris/1.html
layout: para
map-on: true
---

I wake up early. The sky is clear above our campsite but a veil of rain is sweeping through the forested valley below, consuming distant peaks. The wind is shifting. After lighting a small fire to dry my socks and boots, I sit quietly beneath a small black tarp, drinking hot coffee with my bare feet near the flame, watching the weather in the distance. It's almost silent here except for the slight breeze, the crackling wood, and the crinkling sound of the tarp as it inhales and exhales with the wind. And aside from the far-off rain and the few mountain blue birds I can spot darting between the bone-like standing dead trees, the landscape is seemingly vacant.

Directly in front me lies a patchwork of mostly dead but some living trees. A shot from Google earth would depict a skeletal forest draping over the ridge flowing west in the direction of my vision, spliced every so often by a vein of old growth timber.

{% include feature/map.html filter="item.location contains '535 Outcropping'" zoom="16" latitude="48.950421" longitude="-117.016485" basemap="Esri_WorldImagery" style="border-radius: 10% 20% 0% 50%;margin:0 -25% 0 -50%;"%}




 Peppered here and there with the emerging green of an early seral habitat. The standing dead trees, stripped of foliage and limbs, are the reason I have such a clear view of the space laid out before me. If not for their nudity, I would be enclosed, screened, and protected from the wind by ancient, heavily clad trees with thick beards of lichen. 




